Vintage Studio Privacy Policy
Vintage Studio is committed to maintaining your privacy. This privacy policy has been created to provide you with information about how we collect and use information that you may provide through our Apps and explains the circumstances under which we may disclose that information, as well as your choices concerning that information.
1. Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective 13/02/2022 and applies to any and all information that a User may have provided to Disney Games. Vintage Studio reserves the right, at its discretion and/or in compliance with applicable law if needed, to change, modify, amend, add, or remove portions of its Privacy Policy at any time. When required by law, we will advise you of such changes. Modifications will be effective immediately and will apply to your continuing use. Use any of our Apps after the posting of any changes to the Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance, acknowledgment and agreement to the respective changes.
2. Your Consent
Please read this privacy policy carefully. By accessing and using our Apps, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree to be legally bound by it. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Apps.
3. Personal Information and Children
Vintage Studio produces some applications intended for use by children, with parental participation and supervision. Vintage Studio is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and the regulations of the Federal Trade Commission in the operation of our Apps.
Vintage Studio does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We do not request that children provide us with personally identifiable information, and do not offer features that are intended to collect such information from children.
If you have any question regarding Disney Games’s data collection practices regarding children, please contact us.
4. Collection of Non-Personal Information
Vintage Studio uses tracking technology to collect non-personally identifiable information from our users, including the Unique Device Identifier (UDID) for your mobile device. We may use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content, understand content usage and improve or customize our content and offerings. These Tracking Technologies specifically collect non-personal data, and do not collect information from users outside of the app. We do not combine personal information with non-personal information.
5. Links to Websites
Vintage Studio contain links to App Store. These links are in place to permit our users to rate our Apps or purchase other Vintage Studio products.

6. Our Use of Information
We use anonymous, non-personal data for internal operations, such as analyzing the effectiveness of our Apps, improving our features, and for other, similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may undertake or commission statistical and other summary analyses of the general behavior and characteristics of users participating in our services and the characteristics of users of our Apps, and in doing so, we may share anonymous information with third parties. That anonymous information provided to third parties will not allow anyone to identify you. We may collect anonymous information through features of the Apps and through non-personal tracking technologies.
Vintage Studio may also use other tools or third-party analytical services to collect and use certain non-personal data including, but not limited to your device’s UDID and aggregated patterns of app usage (length of time on the app and use of different features.) If Vintage Studio uses third parties to assist in analysis of our Apps, Vintage Studio requires that any such third parties comply with COPPA and other applicable laws.
Vintage Studio does not sell, rent, share or transfer any of the information collected to third party in ways other than described in this policy.
7. Data Retention
Vintage Studio only retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period of time necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. After such time, Vintage Studio deletes all such data within a time frame that is reasonable for our operating requirements. When necessary, Vintage Studio  may retain data to the extent needed to resolve disputes, enforce Vintage Studio user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Apps.
8. Security
Vintage Studio follows reasonable and generally accepted industry standards regarding data security, and we maintain reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the confidentiality, security and integrity of the information in Disney Games’ possession in accordance with Applicable law. Only those persons with a need to process user data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance have access to user data in Disney Games’ possession.
9. Further Information
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and/or our practices, please email us.

